Move `KafkaNodePools` feature gate to beta (#9263)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/operators/ref-operator-cluster-feature-gates.adoc

  The `type: jbod` storage can be used, but the JBOD array can contain only one disk.

.Enabling the UseKRaft feature gate
To enable the `UseKRaft` feature gate, specify `+UseKRaft` in the `STRIMZI_FEATURE_GATES` environment variable in the Cluster Operator configuration.
The `Kafka` custom resource using KRaft mode must also have the annotation `strimzi.io/kraft: enabled`.

> If such annotation is set to `disabled`, missing or any other value, the operator will handle the `Kafka` custom resource as using ZooKeeper mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this annotation is set to `disabled` or any other value, or if it is missing, the operator handles the `Kafka` custom resource as if it is using ZooKeeper for cluster management.
```

Examples of the `KafkaNodePool` resources can be found in the xref:config-examples-{context}[example configuration files] provided by Strimzi.

.Disabling the KafkaNodePools feature gate

To disable the `KafkaNodePools` feature gate, specify `-KafkaNodePools` in the `STRIMZI_FEATURE_GATES` environment variable in the Cluster Operator configuration.
The `Kafka` custom resource using the node pools must also have the annotation `strimzi.io/node-pools: enabled`.

.Downgrading from KafkaNodePools

> If your cluster already uses the `KafkaNodePool` custom resources and want to downgrade to older version of Strimzi that does not support KafkaNodePools or has the `KafkaNodePool` feature gate disabled, you should first migrate from using the `KafkaNodePool` custom resources to use the `Kafka` custom resource only.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If your cluster already uses the `KafkaNodePool` custom resources and want to downgrade to older version of Strimzi that does not support KafkaNodePools or has the `KafkaNodePools` feature gate disabled, you should first migrate from using the `KafkaNodePool` custom resources to use the `Kafka` custom resource only.
```

> If your cluster already uses the `KafkaNodePool` custom resources and want to downgrade to older version of Strimzi that does not support KafkaNodePools or has the `KafkaNodePool` feature gate disabled, you should first migrate from using the `KafkaNodePool` custom resources to use the `Kafka` custom resource only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your cluster already uses `KafkaNodePool` custom resources, and you wish to downgrade to an older version of Strimzi that does not support them or with the `KafkaNodePools` feature gate disabled, you must first migrate from `KafkaNodePool` custom resources to managing Kafka nodes using only `Kafka` custom resources.
```
